# Homework 

This is your first home work that you should implement on your computer.

## What you will need before starting your homework:

1. You will need a computer with at least 4GB ram and internet connection.
1. You have to install `NodeJS` locally.
1. You have to have a text edior - `VSCode` is a good option.
1. Optional: You will need a git installed on your computer.
1. Optional: You will need a github account.
 

## Tasks

Create a folder on your disk called `homework_1_<yourfullname>`.

Start a new NodeJS project using `npm init` in that folder.

Create an `index.js` and add the following code:

```javascript
console.log("Hello NodeJS!");
```



> Optional: For those with `git`, create a local repository.
> Optional: When a keyword `commit` appears, add all local files and commit locally.

> Optional: For people who have github account. Please, create a github repo and push your 
> local repo to github.

> Optional: When a keyword `push` appears (and you have github configured), `push` all commits to github.

Write a script called `start` in `package.json` to start your node app.

Run your node project. You should see `Hello NodeJS!` printed on your screen.

<details>
<summary>Tip</summary>
<p>
You can start your app with `npm start` or `npm run start`.
</p>
</details>
<br />

Add an external library called `ascii-art`. 

<details>
<summary>Tip</summary>
<p>
You should use the following command.

```bash
npm install <library-name>
```
</p>
</details>
<br />

Integrate the new library and render the `Hello NodeJS!` text using `ascii-art` library.
* Use CommonJS syntax - hint: `require`
* Use ECMAScript Modules (ESM) - hint:  `import`


Load a JSON file in your application. A copy of the JSON file can be found [here](sayings.json)
 * Try to read the JSON file directly using the `fs` module. More information.
 * Try to read the JSON file using the stream module. More [information](https://nodejs.org/docs/latest-v20.x/api/stream.html).
 * Try to read the JSON file using a file descriptor and a buffer. More [information](https://nodejs.org/docs/latest-v20.x/api/fs.html#fsreadfd-buffer-offset-length-position-callback).

