# Homework 

This is your third home work that you should implement on your computer.

## Tasks

Write a NodeJS script using `spawn` that lists all files and folders (hidden too) in a specific folder.
The folder should be passed as first argument of your script.

On Linux/macOS
```bash
node spawn.js ~
```
On Windows 1*
```bash
node spawn.js C:\
```

> Extra: As second argument accept a file size in bytes and list only files larger than that.

On Linux/macOS (100MB == 100 * 1000 KB)
```bash
node spawn.js ~\Downloads 100000000 
```
> On windows you should use `dir` on linux/macOS `ls`.



Write a script that uses `exec` and gets the computer system information, like date, time, os name and so on.
Create a file in which you save the result. Let the out put be a valid JSON. The name of the file is passed as a first argument.

> Extra: if there are any errors, save those in the JSON.


Use `fork` function to create a parent script called `parent.js` and a worker script called `worker.js`.
The parent script should fork `N` (get this as an argument) workers.

On Linux/macOS (5 workers)
```bash
node parent.js 5
```

Each worker should calculate a factorial function from a number send by the parent script. for exampl `5!`.

The parent script should sum all the results from the workers' scripts and print that one using `console.log`.


Create a simple server running on port `3000` (using `node:http` module) which responds to different `GET` requests.

`/current-time` - returns the current time 
    * use spawn
    * use Date

`/files` - lists the files in a current folder (in which the server is running)

