# Homework 

This is your second home work that you should implement on your computer.

## Tasks

Read a large file using `fs.createReadStream()`.

> You can download a large file from [here]().

> Use the `data` and `end` events.

Try to count the size in bytes of the file. Check if the size returned by
[`fs.lstat()`](https://nodejs.org/docs/latest-v20.x/api/fs.html#fslstatpath-options-callback) is identical.

Create a new buffer with size 256 bytes.

Write a text in that buffer. For example: `I'm learning NodeJS and node:fs module.`.

Try to modify the text in the buffer by using [indexing](https://nodejs.org/docs/latest-v20.x/api/buffer.html#bufindex).

Create a promise which resolves at random after 2 seconds. If the number is even it's resolved if the number is odd it's rejected.

```javascript
function getRandomInt(max) {
  return Math.floor(Math.random() * max);
}
```

Handle the results of the promise. Use `then` and `catch`.

Create another promise that returns `100` after 1 second.

Try to collect the results of both promises if they execute one after another and print the result.

> For example if the result of the first promise is `2`, the final result should be `[2, 100]`.
> To achive promise chaining, you have to `return` a promise in the `then`.

Use `async/await` to implement the first promise (even vs odd).

Try to call it using `try/catch`.

Log the error on the screen.








```javascript
console.log("Hello NodeJS!");
```



> Optional: For those with `git`, create a local repository.
> Optional: When a keyword `commit` appears, add all local files and commit locally.

> Optional: For people who have github account. Please, create a github repo and push your 
> local repo to github.

> Optional: When a keyword `push` appears (and you have github configured), `push` all commits to github.

Write a script called `start` in `package.json` to start your node app.

Run your node project. You should see `Hello NodeJS!` printed on your screen.

<details>
<summary>Tip</summary>
<p>
You can start your app with `npm start` or `npm run start`.
</p>
</details>
<br />

Add an external library called `ascii-art`. 

<details>
<summary>Tip</summary>
<p>
You should use the following command.

```bash
npm install <library-name>
```
</p>
</details>
<br />

Integrate the new library and render the `Hello NodeJS!` text using `ascii-art` library.
* Use CommonJS syntax - hint: `require`
* Use ECMAScript Modules (ESM) - hint:  `import`


Load a JSON file in your application. A copy of the JSON file can be found [here](sayings.json)
 * Try to read the JSON file directly using the `fs` module. More information.
 * Try to read the JSON file using the stream module. More [information](https://nodejs.org/docs/latest-v20.x/api/stream.html).
 * Try to read the JSON file using a file descriptor and a buffer. More [information](https://nodejs.org/docs/latest-v20.x/api/fs.html#fsreadfd-buffer-offset-length-position-callback).

